Buglist:

0010: (pending)
      Kernel issues on 12.3 with remapping??

0009: (pending)
      Udev rules seem not to work on opensuse 12.3 (symlink cannot be created)


-----------------------------------------------------
0008: (sortof fixed) 
      The memory pieces for DMA transfer are too short for fast transfer. They
      should be at least of the page size, or the size of a buffer piece. Not
      clear how system reacts on short packages, though.
      Using 4k transfer sizes now, seems to work fine. Larger ones also
      seemed to work, keeping potentially the latency lower. However, this led
      to a number of un-understood short reads.

0007: (resolved) returns an odd number of samples - is related to waveform
      test of end-of-transfer. Will not change this because it guarentees
      at least one more read than requested.

0006: (understood) received packet length and Terminal count register seems to
      contain a mismatch - too many bytes sampled. Need to check if it still
      persists with fix for 0005.
      This was part of the larger issue related to latency problems on the
      host side. Part of the problem was a running GPIF after an overflow.
      Now ok-ish, but still not ideal. Perhaps this can be better dealt with
      with a different waveform.

0005: (Fixed) On fresh bootup, the device reads back only 0, and cpld write
      commands seem not to work. related to 0002? This is related to a reading
      of RDY0 line; sometimes GPIF gets stuck in this waiting loop?
      Problem was waveform code and CPLD routing of DCA to RDY. OK for single
      channel samples for now.

0004: (fixed w firmware svn-10) number of returned bytes not complete. Missing
short packages. Problem was Int4clr before underlying source test in handler
code.

0003: (obsolete?) sending serial packets too fast fails the device with an
      error. Seems not too a problem anymore, maybe this was fixed with
      another fix.

0002: (Resolved)
not every time the device is connected the readout seems to work. Isolate
  problem to driver, FXfirmware, CPLD. still there as of firmware svn-10. It
  seems to help to re-upload the firmware. Got much less of a problem with
  use of Abort option for GPIF. Need to verify if this helps, and eventually
  integrate in normal code flow. Seems to be gone with fix for 0005.


0001: (fixed w firmware svn-8)
jtag programming works only for combination firmware4, driver3, and not for
versions that implemented the EP2 machinery.
Observation: firmware4 works with driver7 (mod to read firmware) and
firmware4. Problem was wrong EXIF clearing by single bit operation.


